1) On Brand Design / Theme Creator. Agree with your proposal, go for backlog item creation, update StoutCrow with note. But minor adjustments: a) as part of te new backlog item add a deep research on the internet on how the mentioned tools work. b) 5-color brand palette was just an example. Some of the mentioned tools provide 3 color palettes, some 4, some 5. Our skill should be able to provide all, between 2 and 7 colors. *on top* of these brandcolors are neutral/gray and ok/warning/error (with compatibles color tones). primary and secondary on the other hand, I see as part of the 2..7 brandcolors. 
2) Skills directory: agree with your proposal, the 7 categories are good enough to start, category "documents" feels ok. processkit directory shall stay flat, no sub-dirs at this point in time. please create a back-og item, prio high.
3) skill-finder extension plan: agreed, go for backlog and implementation
4) library expert skill: ok with your verdict, let's try it. Please draft one backlog item that is the iteration over the concept and includes also a review of what is already there (we might also have a reflex-library skill already), so that we can learn from what we have and know what we need to extend. The concept also needs a bit of sharpening on how to use RAG. And I think we have a research note in this context already, which we would have to analyse and exploit for the concept. It also might need a skill (or a part of the skill) that is a researcher and builder of such a specific skill, while using the skill-builder general skill.  



---

1) frontmatter compatibility: I agree to your proposal with name, description and metadata on the top-level.
2) 3-level disclosure: I would like to align to Anthropics solution. We can, however, keep the headlines and structure of Intro, Overview and Full reference in our files now and for future files. It does not harm to have structure inside the files, we just don't call it Level 1,2,3 anymore. For the "Level" terminology, we adhere to Anthropic standard. And yes, we can also refactor the longest skills as you propose (references/<topic>.md to keep SKILL.md under 5000 words.
3) README.md violation: let's go with rename to mcp/SERVER.md
4) Subdirectory mismatch: As Anthropic does not forbid extra stuff, we do the following: a) we keep examples/. For me it is a good practise of subsquent disclosure instead of blurting code/templates etc into SKILL.md. b) we rename templates/ to assets/ and adopt the broader view. c) we keep mcp/ as our mcp server is something different than a simple script - it's to be seen as an additional dir as the spec does not forbid this. d) we add scripts/ everywhere. I assume, we leave it always empty, unless we find some interesting occasion where adding a simple script makes sense to make a skill better. e) we keep the INDEX.md in the folder, where all our skill folders are, but we remove the INDEX.md files inside of all the skill olders. SKILL.md should already explain all (specifically with subsequent disclosure, where first the frontmatter is read).
5) Skill Killers: a) processes shall be defining processes, so careful with reducing/optimizing there. Ok to look at all the others. Stating the obvious: also be careful. What might be known to Claude, might be unknown to Gemini. Remind yourself: we want to stay provider independent. The gotcha section, we have to add them everywhere. 
6) five concrete patterns: Yes to codify the patterns into skill-builder skill. 
7) Let's make the skill-builder skill using all the knowledge we gained, I confirm your proposal. Let's incorporate, however, one thing we introduced: A skill that uses other skills (kind of includes them or builds a dependency tree of sorts. Why? Because we have introduced a conceptual different paradigm compared to what all other do: We put MCP servers as *part* of skills, not as separate entity. I have deliberately decided for this, as I deem this to be a good innovation - and logical when reasoning about it. It does not contradict my goal to stay as compatible as possible. But for this paradigm, it makes sense for me that a skill a, who needs to work with some mcp-server function of skill b simply includes the complete skill b and its mcp server - the advantage is that skill a by that *delegates* some resoning to skill b, as well as the proper handling of the mcp functions, which then do not depend only on the description in the mcp frontmatter anymore.
8) Let's also use the skill-builder skill to build the companion skills. First smoke test. 
9) Confirm to add the missing document & asset creation skills you identified. Same for the meta skills. Also confirmed to implement the master class's starter kit skills (all as stand-alone, no sub-skills).  
10) true, *currently* processkit is engineering focus, but it mustn't be that way. We can and we should extend. Hence please also design the most valuable "side quest by role" skills.
11) Agree to implement the "skills I wish I'd built sooner" as per your proposal. Even e-mail drafter and remember are interesting, e-mail drafter to create text for copy and paste into an email and remember either as a skill to manage one of our process artefacts (something like notes etc? A kind of wisdom dumb, to be reviewed regularly and structured into the "normal" artefacts? - something that catches user's ideas, quick thoughts etc, which are not yet backlog or similar? - do we have such a heap of knowledge in our processkit? We should have it or implement it)
12) Update the docs site with the tighter pitch. Same for the "Pattern 5" marketing language. 
13) I confirm all threads in the proposed order, but please incorporate my feedback.

---

1) the example skill revision is good. Let's also keep the "Gotchas" and "Anti-patterns" as per your proposed separation. 
2) include paradigm: no difference to the existing uses: field. It's exactly what I meant. Having include and uses in parallel would be superfluous. What you could consider is to merge your fronmatter proposal, ie keeping the uses: field, but fill it with the list from your includes: field. Why? It clarifies the "why" skill a "uses" another skill. Agents can reason about that better. That answers also how to "load" skill b, when skill a is used: it's convention only, option A. 
3) On notes: Option A), as you recommend. What you could think about is whether "note" is abstract enough. Or is there an even higher abstraction hidden here for a new primitive? Something that constitutes thoughts, pieces of wisdom, and that form together a mind-map, a Zettelkasten (like the primitives Obsidian uses)? Please do a research on the internet to back this primitive better.
4) Your plan for the next steps is confirmed.

---


Good reviews, my remarks: 
1) context/research: It feels wrong, because we should have a different solution backed by a skill in our portfolio. It might be that research documents nowadays are artefacts. If so, the way forward is to load the respective skill (ask the skill-finder skill, which one is relevant), pipe the content you selected into it and get as outcome the standards conformant artefacts at the right location, later then indexed by the indexer skill. I agree, however, with your selection of content and you proposal what to keep.
2) Also for the discussion content, there is a skill that handles it. Find it, load it, work with it. I agree for your proposal to keep the content and to smartly summarize. 
3) epic WildButter: agreed to add this to the backlog entry using the appropriate skill. Scope of the content to transfer is agreed.
4) new backlog workitems: a) there is already an owner profiling skill. what we can do, is to check the detailed spec against the current implementation of the skill and see, if we can improve the skill. 2) same for brand-design. We should have the skill. Either check it for gaps against the spec or create it entirely new, if it does not exist. c) same for point 3,4 5: check if skill exists, if not create, if yes, review against spec and improve, if necessary. d) agreed, add reference link, after rag-context-layer-design.md has been transformed and placed by the appropriate skill.c
5) please remember: You need to update not only in context/ four our project, but also our deliverables for all derived projects in src/. Also please review, why you didn't use the skill finder pro actively. Was the trigger wrong? Is the briefing on this in AGENTS.md not sufficient? And why did you propose to store discussions manually, when your first instinct should have been to follow the processes and using skills? Please reflect on that and propose measures (provider independent) that avoid this in future, especially when a session is reset. 
